Add documentation on adding test data (#3954)
p4lang/p4c: docs/README.md

+ [https://hub.docker.com/r/p4lang/behavioral-model/builds](https://hub.docker.com/r/p4lang/behavioral-model/builds)

### Adding new test data

To add a new input test with a sample P4 code file (under `testdata/p4_16_samples/` for example), one needs to:

* Add the `*.p4` file to the `testdata/p4_16_samples/` directory. The file name might determine which test suite this test belongs to. Those are determined by cmake commands.
  * For example, [any P4 file under `testdata/p4_16_samples/`](https://github.com/p4lang/p4c/blob/de2eaa085152abd0690660fbe561eaf5db7b2bf7/backends/p4test/CMakeLists.txt#L63) belongs to the [`p4` test suite](https://github.com/p4lang/p4c/blob/de2eaa085152abd0690660fbe561eaf5db7b2bf7/backends/p4test/CMakeLists.txt#L113) (meaning it will run with `make check-p4`).
  * [File ending with `*-bmv2.p4`](https://github.com/p4lang/p4c/blob/de2eaa085152abd0690660fbe561eaf5db7b2bf7/backends/bmv2/CMakeLists.txt#L127) also belongs to the [`bmv2` test suite](https://github.com/p4lang/p4c/blob/de2eaa085152abd0690660fbe561eaf5db7b2bf7/backends/bmv2/CMakeLists.txt#L200) (meaning it will run with `make check-bmv2`).

> * Then generate expected outputs by `P4TEST_REPLACE=True make check` (or a more specific test command to save time).

Reviewer: There is also the `-f` flag for `run-bmv2-test.py` and `run-p4-sample.py`.

Author: Got it! I didn't know them before. Let me try them out and include them in the doc.

Reviewer: P4TEST_REPLACE=TRUE is basically equivalent, but sometimes you have an environment where that command is awkward to use.

Author: I have updated the doc.

+ [https://hub.docker.com/r/p4lang/behavioral-model/builds](https://hub.docker.com/r/p4lang/behavioral-model/builds)

### Adding new test data

To add a new input test with a sample P4 code file (under `testdata/p4_16_samples/` for example), one needs to:

* Add the `*.p4` file to the `testdata/p4_16_samples/` directory. The file name might determine which test suite this test belongs to. Those are determined by cmake commands.
  * For example, [any P4 file under `testdata/p4_16_samples/`](https://github.com/p4lang/p4c/blob/de2eaa085152abd0690660fbe561eaf5db7b2bf7/backends/p4test/CMakeLists.txt#L63) belongs to the [`p4` test suite](https://github.com/p4lang/p4c/blob/de2eaa085152abd0690660fbe561eaf5db7b2bf7/backends/p4test/CMakeLists.txt#L113) (meaning it will run with `make check-p4`).
  * [File ending with `*-bmv2.p4`](https://github.com/p4lang/p4c/blob/de2eaa085152abd0690660fbe561eaf5db7b2bf7/backends/bmv2/CMakeLists.txt#L127) also belongs to the [`bmv2` test suite](https://github.com/p4lang/p4c/blob/de2eaa085152abd0690660fbe561eaf5db7b2bf7/backends/bmv2/CMakeLists.txt#L200) (meaning it will run with `make check-bmv2`).
* Then generate reference outputs:

>   * For a frontend-only test, you can do `../backends/p4test/run-p4-sample.py . -f ../testdata/p4_16_samples/some_name.p4`. Note that this command needs to run under the `build/` directory.

Author: I'm not sure if there is a more convenient way to use this script.

Reviewer: Unfortunately not for this script. `run-bmv2-test.py` has the option 
```
parser.add_argument("-bd",
                    "--buildir",
                    dest="builddir",
                    help="The path to the compiler build directory, "
                    "default is \"build\".")
```
which you can use. 
We should also add this to run-p4-sample for convenience.

Author: Got it. And it seems `run-p4-sample.py` could be updated to use argparse as a first step. I can take a look and update `run-p4-sample.py` this weekend.

Reviewer: That would be quite useful. However, there is no pressing need for it, so do not feel obliged!

>   * For a frontend-only test, you can do `../backends/p4test/run-p4-sample.py . -f ../testdata/p4_16_samples/some_name.p4`. Note that this command needs to run under the `build/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For a frontend-only test, you can run `../backends/p4test/run-p4-sample.py . -f ../testdata/p4_16_samples/some_name.p4`. Note that this command needs to run under the `build/` directory. The test will fail if the test output is missing or does not match with the existing reference outputs. Toggling the `-f` flag will force the script to produce new reference outputs, which can, and should be committed, along with the changes that caused the output change. 
```

  * For a test targeting bmv2 backend, the corresponding command is `../backends/bmv2/run-bmv2-test.py`.
  * If you have many reference outputs to add/update, you could also do `P4TEST_REPLACE=True make check` (or `make check-*`) to update all tests.

> * Now when you do testing, the new test case will be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The reference files for each test will be updated after running the tests.
```
